docs: enhance `$effect` documentation (#10680)
sveltejs/svelte: sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/01-api/02-runes.md

To run side-effects like logging or analytics whenever some specific values change, or when a component is mounted to the DOM, we can use the `$effect` rune:

```svelte
<script>
	let count = $state(0);
	let doubled = $derived(count * 2);

	$effect(() => {
		console.log({ count, doubled });
	});
</script>

<button on:click={() => count++}>
	{doubled}
</button>

<p>{count} doubled is {doubled}</p>
```

`$effect` will automatically subscribe to any `$state` or `$derived` values it reads _synchronously_ and reruns whenever their values change — that means, values after an `await` or inside a `setTimeout` will _not_ be tracked. `$effect` will run after the DOM has been updated.

```svelte
<script>
	let count = $state(0);
	let doubled = $derived(count * 2);

	$effect(() => {
		// runs after the DOM has been updated
		// when the component is mounted
		// and whenever `count` changes,
		// but not when `doubled` changes,
		console.log(count);

		setTimeout(() => console.log(doubled));
	});
</script>

<button on:click={() => count++}>
	{doubled}
</button>

<p>{count} doubled is {doubled}</p>
```

> An effect only reruns when the object it reads changes, not what a property inside it changes. If you want to react to _any_ change inside an object for inspection purposes at dev time, you may want to use [`inspect`](#inspect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An effect only reruns when the object it reads changes, not when a property inside it changes. If you want to react to _any_ change inside an object for inspection purposes at dev time, you may want to use [`inspect`](#inspect).
```

<p>{count} doubled is {doubled}</p>
```

> > Use `$effect` with caution - most of the time, you're better off using a different pattern. Most importantly, writing to `$state` within an `$effect` is almost always an anti-pattern, and when not careful could result in the `$effect` rerunning over and over again. Below are some use cases and what to use instead.

Reviewer 2: Something like?

"`$effect` was designed to be a safe place for side-effects. If you're managing state or dataflow, you should use it with caution – most of the time, you're better off using a different pattern"

Author: ```suggestion
> `$effect` was designed for managing side effects such as logging or connecting to external systems like third party libraries that have an imperative API. If you're managing state or dataflow, you should use it with caution – most of the time, you're better off using a different pattern. Below are some use cases and what to use instead.
```
